You can dance
You can jive
Having the time of your life
Ooh‚ see that girl
Watch that scene
Dig in the dancing queen
Friday night and the lights are low
Looking out for a place to go
Where they play the right music
Getting in the swing
You come to look for a king
Anybody could be that guy
Night is young and the music′s high
With a bit of rock music
Everything is fine
You are in the mood for a dance
And when you get the chance
You are the dancing queen
Young and sweet
Only seventeen
Dancing queen
Feel the beat from the
tambourine‚ oh yeah
You can dance
You can jive
Having the time of your life
Ooh‚ see that girl
Watch that scene
Dig in the dancing queen
You are a teaser‚ you turn them on
Leave them burning and
then You are gone
Looking out for another
Anyone will do
You are in the mood for a dance
And when you get the chance
You are the dancing queen
Young and sweet
Only seventeen
Dancing queen
Feel the beat from the
tambourine‚ oh yeah
You can dance
You can jive
Having the time of your life
Ooh‚ see that girl
Watch that scene
Dig in the dancing queen
www.RentAnAdviser.com